But this is how the birth of Jesus Christ took place.
During the time his mother Mary was promised in marriage to Joseph.
She was found to be pregnant by Holy Spirit,
before they were united, however.
Because her husband Joseph was righteous
and did not want to make her a public spectacle,
he intended to divorce her secretly,
but after he had thought these things over.
Look, Jehovah's Angel appeared to him in a dream.
Joseph, son of David,
do not be afraid to take your wife Mary home
for what has been conceived in her.
He is by Holy Spirit,
she will give birth to a son.
And you are to name him,
Jesus, for he will save his people from their sins.
All of this actually came about
to fulfill what was spoken by Jehovah through his prophet,
saying, look,
the Virgin will become pregnant
and will give birth to a son
and they will name him Emmanuel,
which means when translated,
with us is God.
Joseph woke up from his sleep
and did as the angel of Jehovah had directed him
and he took his wife home,
but he did not have sexual relations with her
until she gave birth to a son
and he named him Jesus.